[Music]
warning we take extreme precautions
while exploring abandoned places and
always leave them intact our main
objective is always to document
exploring abandoned buildings is an
incredible way to get a glimpse into
what an apocalyptic world would look
like and we love the thrill of it now
earlier this year we were in Mexico and
we had heard of a mysterious Resort in
Tulum
which was a hundred kilometers away from
where we were staying and played that
Academy apparently a hurricane in 2005
destroy the place and the owners
abandoned it we located it on the map
and heard that the police still patrol
the areas so we needed to be careful
and that's right next day the catalonia
we're gonna wear these cool headlamps
and go explore Bandon hotels but i'm
gonna break this to you right now we
never end up finding this resort but as
you'll see this story is not just about
an abandoned resort but about how our
persistence can sometimes turn against
us and things go terribly wrong and we
were off to a very confusing start
[Music]
this [ __ ]
there's someone in there I thought you
missed a little kid again
a man who live right by where the resort
used to be claimed that he had never
heard of it
he told us he watch over a car while
we'd go searching and we took his word
he lives here and he's never heard of
this abandoned hotel you know he's never
walked down his own path to the beach or
we marked our paths to remember our way
back and we started our journey into the
unknown
[Music]
there's the gate I should get it right
there just someone's house I say where
you go in and just like talk to him it's
fine it's in the middle of nowhere we
don't have phones
it's barbed wire everywhere I don't know
what this guy does I don't really want
to find that he's coming anyway
so yep he's on his way stay with his
dogs okay so the boys just walked into a
random guys house in the middle of
freaking nowhere
and they've been gone for several
minutes and I've absolutely no idea
what's going on Jessica
we're now
with no idea whose property we had just
stepped onto but they were guarding it
with weapons and they were clearly not
expecting any guests we made sure we
lost the Iron Men following us and at
this point any rational being would have
walked back to the car as fast as
possible but our persistence has opened
up so many adventures for us in the past
so we kept going and beyond this point
you'll watch what happens when we just
can't reach our goal and descend into
madness alright guys I thought that now
the good guys are gone this is the
perfect opportunity for me to start my
makeup tutorial
we're gonna keep going I'm just looking
for an abandoned hotel we want Jean it
is gonna suck to walk back especially
when it's getting darker if we get lost
or killed nobody will know
[Applause]
and that Lily looks like a caveman right
now day one was a total fail but we
still wanted to find this in resort
it looked like we might have miss
located the resort on the map by a mile
south so we went back the following day
with complete certainty over the hotel
would be our boys time for a little
around - let's do this I always say good
steals what does that say private
property what worries me is that
everybody keeps saying they have no idea
what we're talking about we're driven
down the path to a remote yoga retreat
with still no sign of the damn hotel
okay this is an episode about finding an
abandoned resort that does not exist but
that makes no sense I mean there's a
resort on Google Maps that should be
right here
abandoned and it's not here and no one
has heard of it we had never been left
so frustrated and confused did you film
that yeah it's just like guy if there's
anything here before he says there's
nothing officially the weirdest thing
that we've ever done we can put it a day
with more questions than answers and the
mystery itself to this day remains
what happened to this resort and what
were those men hiding see you next
Sunday
[Music]